move and improved the sharp edge parameters documentation (#338)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/resolved_cfd-dem/resolved_cfd-dem.rst

		set alpha                                   = 1
		set fluid density                           = 1
		subsection gravity
			set Function expression =0;0;0
		end
		subsection particle info 0
			set density    = 1
			subsection position
				set Function expression =0;0;0
			end
			subsection velocity
				set Function expression =0;0;0
			end
		    	subsection omega
		    		set Function expression =0;0;0
		    	end
		    	set inertia    = 1
		    	set pressure x = 0
		    	set pressure y = 0
		    	set pressure z = 0
		    	set radius     = 0.2
	end
	
* The ``number of particles`` Number of particles reprensented by IB.

* The ``stencil order`` parameter control the order of the Lagrange polynomial used to imposed the sharp interface immersed boundary condition. The order of the stencil should be equal or higher then the order of the FEM scheme.

* The ``length ratio`` parameter controls the length of the zone used to define the Lagrange polynomial. The length ratio should be kept as small as possible and above 1. A good starting value is two times the average aspect ratio of the elements in the mesh multiplied by the order of the FEM scheme.

> * The ``assemble Navier-Stokes inside particles`` parameter determined if the Navier-Stokes equations are solved inside the particle or not. If the Navier Stokes equation is not solved ( the parameter is false ), the solver will solve a Poisson equation for each variable in the problem. This eliminates the need to define a reference value for the pressure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``assemble Navier-Stokes inside particles`` parameter determines if the Navier-Stokes equations are solved inside the particles or not. If the Navier Stokes equation is not solved ( the parameter is false ), the solver will solve a Poisson equation for each variable in the problem. This eliminates the need to define a reference value for the pressure. 
```

* The ``calculate force`` parameter control if the force is evaluated on each particle. 

> * The ``ib force output file`` parameter is the file's name where the derivated value associated with each particle is stored. One file will be created for each particle in the simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``ib force output file`` parameter is the file name where the variables associated with each particle is stored. One file will be created for each particle in the simulation.
```

> * The ``ib particles pvd file`` parameter is the file's name that will be created to animate the particles. This file stores all the derivated values calculated for each of the particles. This file is compatible with Paraview 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``ib particles pvd file`` parameter is the file's name that will be created to animate the particles. This file stores all the variables calculated for each of the particles. This file is compatible with Paraview 
```

> * The ``initial refinement`` parameter control how many time the refinement zone around each of the particle is applied before the simulation start. Each application of the refinement zone reduce the size of the element by a factor of two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``initial refinement`` parameter control how many time the refinement zone around each of the particle is applied before the simulation starts. Each application of the refinement zone reduce the size of the element by a factor two.
```

> * The ``refine mesh inside radius factor`` parameter defined the inside radius of the hyper shell that forms the refinement zone around the particle. The radius used is the product between this factor and the particle's radius. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``refine mesh inside radius factor`` parameter defines the inside radius of the hyper shell that forms the refinement zone around the particles. The radius used is the product between this factor and the particle's radius. 
```

> * The ``refine mesh outside radius factor`` parameter defined the outside radius of the hyper shell that forms the refinement zone around the particle. The radius used is the product between this factor and the particle's radius. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``refine mesh outside radius factor`` parameter defines the outside radius of the hyper shell that forms the refinement zone around the particles. The radius used is the product between this factor and the particle's radius. 
```

> * The ``integrate motion`` parameter control if the dynamics equations of the particles are calculated. If this parameter is set to false, the dynamics of the particle will not be calculated. The particle's position and velocity will only be defined by the particles' position and velocity function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``integrate motion`` parameter controls if the dynamics equations of the particles are calculated. If this parameter is set to false, the particles remain static.  If ``ìntegrate motion=true`` the position and the velocity will be defined by the particles' position and velocity function.
```

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to define with a .. note:: what is the dynamics equation of the particles exactly.

Author: I would let this part go in another PR with the Contact equation and the relaxation schemes used. After the Merge of the Contact PR.

* The ``particle nonlinear tolerance`` parameter controls particle dynamics' nonlinear tolerance. The nonlinear solver won't have converged until the residual on the dynamics equations of all the particles is smaller than this threshold.

* The ``alpha`` parameter is the relaxation parameter used when solving the dynamics equation of the particle.

> * The ``fluid density`` parameter is the fluid density used in the force calculation of the resolved CFD-DEM. This parameter is redundant with others in the solver and will be removed in the upcoming code modification.

Reviewer: wink wink

* The subsection ``gravity`` defines the value of the gravity used in the simulation. This gravity can be defined as a function that evolved in time and space. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds respectively to its magnitude in X, Y, and Z.

> * The subsection ``particle info 0`` is used to define relevant information that is specific to the particle with id 0. For each particle with the index n, a new subsection name ``particle info n`` should be defined with relevant information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The subsection ``particle info 0`` is used to define relevant information that is specific to the particle with id 0. For each particle with the index ``n``, a new subsection name ``particle info n`` should be defined with relevant information.
```

The following parameter and subsection are all inside the subsection ``particle info 0`` and have to be redefined for all particle separatly.

> * The subsection ``position`` defines the initial value of the particle position if the parameter ``integrate motion`` is set to true. Otherwise, it defines the particle's position at all points in time. This position is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of coordinate X, Y, and Z. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The subsection ``position`` defines the initial value of the particle position if the parameter ``integrate motion=true``. Otherwise, it defines the particle's position at all points in time. This position is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of coordinate X, Y, and Z. 
```

> * The subsection ``velocity`` defines the initial value of the particle velocity if the parameter ``integrate motion`` is set to true. Otherwise, it defines the particle's velocity at all points in time. This velocity is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of its component in the X, Y, and Z direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The subsection ``velocity`` defines the initial value of the particle velocity if the parameter ``integrate motion=true``. Otherwise, it defines the particle's velocity at all points in time. This velocity is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of its component in the X, Y, and Z direction.
```

> * The subsection ``omega`` defines the initial value of the particle rotational velocity if the parameter ``integrate motion`` is set to true. Otherwise, it defines the particle's rotational velocity at all points in time. This rotational velocity is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of its component in the X, Y, and Z direction. It's important to note that even the 2D solver uses the rotational velocity in 3D. In that case, it will only use the Z component of the rotational velocity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The subsection ``omega`` defines the initial value of the particle rotational velocity if the parameter ``integrate motion=true``. Otherwise, it defines the particle's rotational velocity at all times. This rotational velocity is expressed as a function that can evolve in time. Each component of the ``Function expression`` corresponds to the value of its component in the X, Y, and Z direction. It's important to note that even the 2D solver uses the rotational velocity in 3D. In that case, it will only use the Z component of the rotational velocity.
```
